<meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1, maximum-scale=1">

Zeus Squad:
Lightweight Assault.
Modern equipment to Futuristic experimental gear.
Primary kits include: full auto primaries zeroed to midrange engagements.
Sidearm Kits include: Compact small arms sidearms.
Equipped with NVG's for night operation.
Objectives include: Recon, Intervention, Sabotage.

Side notes: These units and the fine balance between protection and offence.

Tsar Squad:
Heavy Duty Defense.
Old fashion to Modern Gear.
Specialized primary kits includes: explosive ordinance and high capacity full auto.
Sidearm Kits include: compact shotguns and High caliber Pistols.
Sometimes Equipped with night gear.
Objectives include: protection, security, and transportation of heavy ordinance.
 
Side notes: These are the big boys of the big boys, they carry their pride like they carry their team.

Gravestone:
Medium Armor Infiltration.
next gen top of the line gear.
Primary kits include: Carbines and assault rifles.
Sidearm Kits include: 45ACP Pistols.
Equipped with NVGs.
Objectives include: Sabotage, Extraction, Disruption.
Side notes: Gravestone likes to keep to American styled firearm. Don't let the armor fool you,
they can leave just as quick as they appear.

Bubonic Squad:
Light to Medium Armor, High Ammo Capacity.
Modern Equipment, equipped for environmental hazardous zones.
Primary kits include: weapons of the AK style chambered mostly in 5.45x39.
Sidearm Kits include: 9mm small to medium sized. Sawn off shotguns occasionally.
Sometimes Equipped with night gear.
Objectives include: provide medical Assistance, resupplying, search and extermination.

Sidenotes: Bubonic like to keep Russian Styled weapons on hand. they are the modern plague doctor come to exfiltrate and Execute.

Tusk Squad:
Light Armor.
Old fashion equipment mixed with modern protection.
Primary kits include: close to medium range firearms varying from low caliber SMGs to to High caliber DMRs. Full & semi auto.
Sidearm Kits include: Small Caliber Pistols
Not equipped with NVGs
Objectives include: Vehicle transport, Patrolling, Maintenance

Sidenote: Tusk like to keep to old and reliable and generally keep to their roots. they prepare old equipment for a new age.

Bulwark Squad:
Heavy armor
Obsessed with covering or carrying heavy and often near overencombing armor, from plate armor, Kevlar, and other ballistic protections
Primary kits include: Slow firing but very powerful equipment
Sidearm Kits include: Pistols in 45ACP and 50AE. Compact but high Capcity PDW's
Sometimes Equipped with night gear.

Sidenote: Buldwark Isn't as concerned with getting through enemy armour as much as breaking everything on the other side
 and making sure the same doesn't happen to them.
